hey guys its Kiki and I just wanted to
come and make a quick video to say hello
y'all it's been so long and I know every
time I come I feel like I'm making an
apology but I just wanted to come
because I just did an amazing twist out
and I just wanted to share it with you
all today the products that I use on my
hair were in so naturals marshmallow
root twisting pudding and y'all I am and
love I mean look at the definition like
and this was after i kept the twist the
two strand twist and for maybe a about a
week or yeah about a week or a little
bit under week and i also did these flat
twists with that same pudding and i also
while twisting i added on castor oil to
the to my ends after i finished to kind
of seal in the moisture I did these
twists on a towel dried hair so it was
damp I didn't blow dry it or anything
like that I just shampooed conditioned
and towel dried and then just section
off and then started twisting now this
is pretty much been how I wear my hair
for the most part I'll do the same will
flat twist on one side and then throw
two strand twist in and being after
maybe a week or so rocker twist off
that's just really on the only time I
only think I have time to do when I
which I don't really have a lot of time
to even do that but I try to find free
time whenever I can to do it just kind
of give you guys an update on life for
me right now I have a couple more weeks
left of camp and after that i'm actually
i decided to well we'll get another day
of that but anyway if you guys don't
know i will be moving to north carolina
on the fifteenth of august so i finished
camp on all this feed on the seventh and
actually to go take the GRE on the 13
then on the 15 16 I'm moving to North
Carolina and on the twenty-fifth of
august i actually start my child life
internship at the Children's Hospital
out there North Carolina so y'all like I
said online saying I know thank you guys
for being so understanding because I
know that I don't have time you guys are
steady subscribing I feel horrible that
I'm not able to like you know come and
make videos like I was able to but I'm
hoping that you know once campus of my
internship is gonna have me crazy busy
to like I know it will I mean I have a
paper every day so from August 25th to
this December night every monday through
friday i have
a paper due for the hospital and then
every friday i have a case study type
thing do for my professor so story in my
life so but i do think that i'll have a
lot more down time so that i can start
posting more videos lots of you have
been asking questions about my regimen
type of products I'm using and other
questions like you know what you're
going on wanted me to do flat twist
tutorial two strands who it's tutorial
all kind of stuff and just know I I my
laptop is still not working got a
charger actually they sent me the wrong
one I never sent it back they did refund
me but your girl just forgot to send
back I never have time and I just have
not ordered a new one as of yet but I'm
definitely not have to be ordering
before i get to north carolina start
that internship so just know that I love
y'all I appreciate each and every last
one of you sincerely I'm I'm seeing all
the comments even though I'm not able to
respond to all of them but I see them
and I'm I do have an email address for
my youtube which is Kiki 522 84 @
gmail.com I think it would be easier
that if you guys have questions if you
sent questions there that way starting
from now i can kind of work that box
because my youtube there's just i have
thousands of emails like from
subscriptions and from comments and for
messages that you know i don't even know
where to start and it's just I I just
don't even know it's hard so if if y'all
do have questions request let's start
sending them to Kiki 522 84 @ gmail.com
and what I'll do is work from that email
from the beginning of that and then just
kind of work my way up for any questions
that you guys have even if you've
already asked them ask again whether it
be for tutorials
questions about my regimen when I'm you
know what I use you know how i do
whatever style that you want me to redo
you know things like that send it took
Kiki 522 84 @ gmail.com and I'm going to
just work from that so this video is six
minutes already I know what a time just
went but let me just cut it out and I
will see you guys later all right